fixes #505: First-class support to GDS (#506)
neo4j-contrib/neo4j-spark-connector: doc/docs/modules/ROOT/pages/aura.adoc

AuraDB customers connecting from Databricks may encounter SSL handshake errors due to Databricks' custom Java security settings removing certain cipher support.

See the AuraDB support article link:{url-aura-kbase-databricks}[Connecting to Aura with Databricks] for more information and instructions on how to configure your Databricks cluster to support connections to AuraDB.

== Combining AuraDB and AuraDS

AuraDB is the Neo4j Cloud solution for OLTP processes while AuraDS is designed for computing large-scale graph/ml algorithms in the cloud. With the Neo4j Spark connector you can easily:
* export the data from AuraDB ingesting it in AuraDS

> * compute with GDS graph/ml algorithms over your data in AuraDS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* run GDS graph/ml algorithms over your data in AuraDS
```

Author: done

AuraDB customers connecting from Databricks may encounter SSL handshake errors due to Databricks' custom Java security settings removing certain cipher support.

See the AuraDB support article link:{url-aura-kbase-databricks}[Connecting to Aura with Databricks] for more information and instructions on how to configure your Databricks cluster to support connections to AuraDB.

== Combining AuraDB and AuraDS

> AuraDB is the Neo4j Cloud solution for OLTP processes while AuraDS is designed for managing

Reviewer 2: A general comment about docs style. I'm not sure how core db does it, but in GDS we use "one sentence per line" in docs, which is way easier to review, maintain and also write.

Author: oki

> OLAP processes. With the Neo4j Spark connector you can easily:

Reviewer 2: I think the word `OLAP` should be double checked with whoever manages this. OLAP has a very distinct meaning and people probably don't associate running algorithms, but rather running Cypher queries on a graph-global scope.

Author: @s1ck I changed it this way

```
AuraDB is the Neo4j Cloud solution for OLTP processes while AuraDS is designed for computing large-scale graph/ml algorithms in the cloud.
```
